Hi everyone, I'm in the middle of planning what will be my fiancé and I's wedding trip.Can someone (and I've already read lots of helpful reviews) help me out with my plan so far please?
Our rate was different for each night, with the 4th the highest night of the trip.
Both ar on the list for next trip.If the Rex and Chancellor are the same price, take the Rex.
We would like a few days in san fran but then would like to hire a car and take a road trip, stopping a a number of places taking in the views and having a chance to relax even potential visiting Yosemite national park.
I'll watch for your itinerary planning thread on the California forum to offer my ideas.You might also consider the "Road Trip" forum for even more tips.I suggest a loop trip: SF, Yosemite, Carmel By The Sea or Pacific Grove with a day trip down to beautiful Big Sur, return to SFO for flight home.SF: 5 or 6 nights (Day trip to ?
This convention triples hotel rates downtown.
For travelers to San Francisco:When you write your Trip Report please do so in a new thread and then a link to that thread can be added as a post to this thread.
We love trip reports and they are very helpful to future visitors.
For an example, see how the London forum operates: A few trip reports through mid-july of 2012.
My first trip was in 2009 and my most recent was May of this year (2012).
)June 30, 2011 (when I took a side trip from Vegas and saw a lot in one day)December 2011 (when I went back again in December because I love the City decorated for the Holidays)May 2012 (when I tried like heck to get to see things I had missed on previous trips.
)-:- Message from TripAdvisor staff -:-This post was determined to be inappropriate by the TripAdvisor community and has been removed.<p class="postGuidelines">To review the TripAdvisor Forums Posting Guidelines, please follow this link: Our staff may also remove posts that do not follow our posting guidelines, and we reserve the right to remove any post for any reason.
Thanks for being a part of the TripAdvisor travel community!
I am going to have it deleted since it does not refer to "trip reports".Trip report family of 4, kids 9 &amp; 10 - July 17-20th 2012Here's a list of Bay Area Hiking Trails I've found really useful.
Very good descriptions, pictures, and maps: Just saw this .. here's mine:My trip report from 7/21-7/25taking BART from SFO to Powell St, then the Powell line up to the Fairmont on a Sunday.Can we catch the cablecar where the BART lets us off, are do we need to walk around the corner, or a block over or anything?
Start there for itinerary planning With questions about specific destinations, post in the destination forum.We are planning a visit mid August and will most likely stay at Fisherman's Wharf.
It's on , sort of on the edge of Fisherman's Wharf -- an area I would prefer over the location of either the Sheraton or the Courtyard.
Also a location I would prefer over the Wharf.
you can see the GG bridge at Fisherman's wharf.
All about the City by the Bay.If you go up a level to the California forum you will find all sorts of resources in the Top Questions on the right side of the screen (non mobile version of TA).
Let's find out.It is that auto correct which does not like VOILA but prefers VIOLA Puter :-)Happy bay to breakers (have seen enough weird drunk people ) day HeheONLY weird drunk people?
)Yosemite: 4 or 5 nights/Pacific Grove: 4 nights (Point Lobos State Reserve, Big Sur, Monterey Bay Aquarium)End of September could be a very problematic time to visit SF.
